And thanks for my back they cry
Who else can truly come to my aid?
You are good atgroans.
Forget one haggard's KPSe
You are good at smokes.
You're spitting on your cheeks
You are considerate.
Take my money!
I want them!
I don't have any to give you!
What's going on?
I'll give it back to you!
Let go of me!
My poor remote !
He uses Canada to portfile him home from the border.
Bacon...
Never mind.
We can occasionally buy fried chicken.
Not at my place, at the restaurant.
I want to see you.
I wander around.
I'm here, sleeping.
I don't know my father.
I'm sad.
If we are to die,
we must call each other father and daughter.
If we are to love each other,
then this feeling...